in this video let us learn why we are using Star
Star head in the linked list deletion code so
we can create a linked list in two ways
One is by declaring the head node in the global
section and use it
In this case any changes made to the head node
will be reflected all over the code
For example in this linked list
If we delete the head node in the called function
the head pointer in the function as well as the
head pointer in the main function will change as it
has global scope
The second way is by declaring the head pointer inside
the main function
In this case the scope of head pointer is limited
only to the main function
So if we changed the head pointer in any function
it will not get reflected in the main function
For example in this linked list if we delete the
head node in the called function the head pointer in
the function will point to the next node
But the head pointer in the main function will still
point to the previous head node and it will become
a dangling pointer so if we declare the head
node in the main function and if we want to
update the linked list we need to send the address
of the head node instead of just the head node
And to receive the address of the pointer a variable
As a parameter we need to add two stars before the
variable name
And also whenever we want to access its data we
need to de reference it
That's why we have used star Head to access the
head
Node data all over the function
And this is why we are using star Star head and
sending the address of the head to the delete function
It is nothing but just like call by value and
called by reference concept for point of variables.